Updated tracestate to specify that it should not be used for application level properties (#458)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/20-http_request_header_format.md

If the vendor failed to parse `traceparent`, it MUST NOT attempt to parse `tracestate`. Note that the opposite is not true: failure to parse `tracestate` MUST NOT affect the parsing of `traceparent`.

> The `tracestate` HTTP header MUST NOT be used for any properties that are not defined by a tracing vendor. [[BAGGAGE]] MAY be used for defining and propagating such application level properties.

Reviewer: We should avoid the term "vendor" where possible as we may be used by open source tools too. I would use the word "telemetry system" or similar

> The `tracestate` HTTP header MUST NOT be used for any properties that are not defined by a telemetry system. [[BAGGAGE]] MAY be used for defining and propagating such application level properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `tracestate` HTTP header MUST NOT be used for any properties that are not defined by a tracing system. [[BAGGAGE]] MAY be used for defining and propagating such application level properties.
```

We call it "tracing systems"

> The `tracestate` HTTP header MUST NOT be used for _application_ level properties such as userId. [W3C baggage](https://github.com/w3c/baggage) provides the specification for defining and propagating application level properties.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `tracestate` HTTP header MUST NOT be used for _application_ level properties such as userId. [[BAGGAGE]] MAY be used for defining and propagating application level properties.
```

Reviewer 3: Note that the reference will work once Baggage is published (this Thursday)
